Guide: Delete all stay signed in sessions (#4634)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/delete-all-stay-signed-in-sessions/main/index.md

---
title: Delete all Stay signed in sessions
---

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" />

This guide explains how to delete all sessions of the **Stay signed in** feature using the [My Account Sessions API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-myaccount/myaccount/tag/Sessions/). See [Stay signed in](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-stay-signed-in) for more details.

> > **Note:** This document is written for Okta Identity Engine. If you’re using Classic Engine, time to upgrade. See [Identify your Okta solution](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-oie-version) to determine your Okta version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This document is written for Okta Identity Engine. See [Identify your Okta solution](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-oie-version) to determine your Okta version.
```

Reviewer: I really like the conversational "time to upgrade" line but I'm not sure it'd work for translation purposes.

---

**Learning outcomes**

- Learn to enable the usePersistentCookie option.
- Understand how to delete all sessions using the API.

**What you need**

- An Okta developer org configured for a **Stay signed in** use case
- Access to the [My Account Sessions API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-myaccount/myaccount/tag/Sessions/)
- [Postman client](https://www.getpostman.com/downloads/) to set up `userPersistentCookie`. See [Get Started with the Okta APIs](https://developer.okta.com/code/rest/) for information on setting up Postman.

**Sample code**

[Request example](#request-example)

---

## About **Stay signed in**

> **Stay signed in** lets users establish an Okta session that continues across browsers and devices. When a user selects this option during authentication, they won't be prompted again for MFA for the amount of time defined in your global session policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Stay signed in** lets users establish an Okta session that continues after they close and reopen their browsers. When a user selects this option during authentication, they won't be prompted again for MFA for the amount of time defined in your global session policy.
```

Reviewer: I had to change my opening line in the product docs for this reason, stressing that it didn't cross devices necessarily

Session SSO: Session SSO cookies are written for the authenticated user, which eliminates further prompts when the user switches applications during a particular session. However, if a particular session ends, the user is prompted for their credentials again.

Persistent SSO: Persistent SSO cookies are written for the authenticated user, which eliminates further prompts when the user switches applications for as long as the persistent SSO cookie is valid.

The difference between persistent SSO and session SSO is that you can maintain persistent SSO across different sessions. Persistent SSO is disabled by default in Okta. To share a sign-in session across different sessions, you need to enable persistent SSO.

### Enable the parameter

To enable persistent SSO for **Stay signed in**, you need to update the [`usePersistentCookie`](/docs/reference/api/policy/#signon-action-object) parameter in the appropriate global session policy. These steps use the Okta [Policy Postman collection](/docs/reference/postman-collections/) to enable the parameter.

> Before you begin, be sure to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin, complete the following steps:
```

Reviewer: Globalization team requests that all stems function as complete sentences (they don't read the list items as complementary to the stem fragment). This is just something we've started doing on prod side. Will be required when dev docs start getting translated.
